7

~ (12) All grades of refurbished laptop prices shared by our sales persons are with marginal GST.
* (13) Online Customers are requested to please verify the physical/cosmetic condition of the
laptop by video cail/images througha salesperson before placing an order for a'SECOND RAND'
grade refurbished laptop.

* (14) Machine ID, body colour/texture/backlit keyboard/HD or FULL HD Resoiution of the
Screen/processor variant...ete shown on the catalogue may be sometimes different from the
actual product in refurbished laptop categories, . ae

* (15) Lappify Technologies provides invoices for a refurbished laptop with lappify's own
MACHINE ID/NUMBER, Lappify Technologies does not Provide Invoices with the original serial
number of the refurbished laptop. it is just because during a refurbishment of laptops sometimes
major parts like the chassis, motherboard, laptop body...etc are replaced with new ones for a long
life of laptops tixe new laptops.

* (16) Lappify Fechnologies' retail showroomis open 7 daysa week but Lappify Technologles'
Service center remains closed on Sundays. ep

° (17) Lappify Technologies reserves therightto change these terms and conditionsat any time
without prior notice.

> (18) Theterms& conditions supersede and terminate all priorrepresentation; discussions,
undertaking, and end-user agreeménis,cammunications or advertising relating tothe
Products andservices, written ororal until and unless otherwise agreed inwriting byus,

SAFETY PRECAUTION FOR USERS:- *Always use the power cord with a properly grounded wall
outlet, to avoid the risk of electrical shock. «Avoid using the product during an electrica! storm,
There may be aremote risk of electric shock from lightning «Do not use the Product near water, for
example, a wash bowl or kitchen sink. «Do not operate the Adaptor with the cover removed
-*Always open the lid of the laptop by holding it in the middle of the lid for the lorig life of the
hinges and laptop body. + Unplug your notebook overnight, and check the battery periodically
*Make sure the device is resting ona flat, hard, stable surface such asatabietop,

I have carefully read and agree to the QC/Specification report, booking, payment,
return, refund, exchange, warranty/guarantee, shipping, delivery and general terms
and conditions/policies of Lappify Technologies

LAPPIFY Arpanang es 2 é
Bilis: Solecfxecutive oe A ee ee
Authorised Signature (Lappify Technologies) Customer Signature (with date)

Thank you for being our valued customer. We are so grateful and
hope we met your expectations,
